hey guys Chris you're from region stuff
I've been getting this glitch on my
phone today I got the 4s it's on 5.0 I'm
not sure what it is about the phone I
couldn't open any downloaded
applications like I can't open the
camera the photo of the calendar the
mail but anything downloaded even if it
was downloaded from Apple like find
friends anything like that it would the
screen would turn black kind of like as
if the application was turning on and I
would just go back to the home screen
when you go into the task manager on the
bottom the application would be open but
it would never open I keep trying keep
trying I tried every single application
every one of them did that except for
the ones that are already on the phone I
tried restarting my phone I tried it
hard to reset I did a bunch of things to
try to fix that I couldn't get on to the
Facebook I couldn't get on any
applications so a quick solution
I think it's temporary because I had
this problem last night and then I
forgot what I did but it's it started
working again and today in school they
gave me that same air now what I did is
I just went into the App Store and
downloaded any free application and I
guess that I know wakes the phone up and
actually starts the applications so I
downloaded the the free flashlight
application and I could open face book
everything like that
I'm planning on re basically resetting
my phone just restore it have it cleaned
out because I can't really have
unreliable applications like that on my
phone but I'm gonna leave it if it
happens again I'm going to record that
and then I'm going to restore it after
because I'm not sure this fixes
temporary or permanent but if you have
that problem just do this if you really
need to get to something quickly if it's
anything else like I mean if you have
the time just restore the device if that
doesn't help
back to Apple because then he means it's
hardware I would have thought it's
software but I reset the I reset the
phone with a hard reset I reset network
settings I tried a lot of different
things that could reset the phone of its
basically how you would call it cookies
so that it kind of starts fresh and it
still did the same thing so I mean the
temporary solution like I said go into
the App Store download any free
application and that should do it like I
said if another problem occurs I will
record it and see if anybody has a
permanent solution other than restarting
the phone thanks for watching